📝 More in-depth README (#1)
Androz2091/discord-bot-template: README.md

Your bot has been delivered! Here is the repository with the source code. As a reminder, here are the features of the bot:

> * Made using TypeScript 💻
> * Simple Command Handler 📡
> * Slash Commands 🚨

Reviewer: this should be kept in that format, sorry, important
```suggestion
* Feature 1
* Feature 2
* Feature 3
```

* Download and install [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) v13 or higher.
* Create a new database and a new role that has access to the database.
* Install the dependencies of the project by running `yarn install`.

> * Install PM2 or another process manager to keep your bot alive. If not you can just run `tsc` to run the bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `yarn build` to get the JavaScript output of the project.
* Install PM2 or another process manager to keep your bot alive, or run `yarn start`.
```

> * You're are done!

Reviewer: this is duplicated
```suggestion
* You are done!
```

## Configuration 

> All configuration for this template can be made in the ``.env`` file found in the root directory. Below will be details about each setting.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All configuration for this template can be made in the `.env` file found in the root directory. Below will be details about each setting.  
```

  
`DISCORD_CLIENT_TOKEN:` Your Discord Bot's token which you can find [Here](https://discord.com/developers/applications).  
  

> `DB_NAME:` Your Database name which you created using [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DB_NAME:` The name of the [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) database you created.  
```

> `DB_USERNAME:` Your username to login to your Database.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DB_USERNAME:` The username of the role with read and write access to the database.  
```

> `DB_PASSWORD:` Your password to login to your Database under the username above.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DB_PASSWORD:` The password of the role.
```

  
`EMBED_COLOR:` The color which you would like your embed's side bar to be. (BLUE, #FF0000, Ect.)  
  

> `COMMAND_PREFIX:` The prefix attached to a command name to execute that command.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`COMMAND_PREFIX:` The prefix before the command name to execute that command.  
```

> `GUILD_ID:` The guild which the bot will create Slash Commands on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GUILD_ID:` This is optional. In the case that your bot runs on a private server, it should be the ID of the server. Otherwise, leave empty (if this field is filled, it will be faster to create Slash Commands).
```

> `ENVIRONMENT:` N/A  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ENVIRONMENT:` Can be `ENVIRONMENT` or `PRODUCTION`. Defines whether some scripts or things should be run or not. For example, the database schemas will not be modified in production, even to synchronize them, because we may loose data.
```

* Install the dependencies of the project by running `yarn install`.
* Run `yarn build` to get the JavaScript output of the project.
* Install PM2 or another process manager to keep your bot alive, or run `yarn start`.
* You are done!

## Configuration 
All configuration for this template can be made in the `.env` file found in the root directory. Below will be details about each setting.  
  
`DISCORD_CLIENT_TOKEN:` Your Discord Bot's token which you can find [Here](https://discord.com/developers/applications).  
  
`DB_NAME:` The name of the [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) database you created.  
`DB_USERNAME:` The username of the role with read and write access to the database.  
`DB_PASSWORD:` The password of the role.
  
`EMBED_COLOR:` The color which you would like your embed's side bar to be. (BLUE, #FF0000, Ect.)  
  
`COMMAND_PREFIX:` The prefix before the command name to execute that command.  
  
`GUILD_ID:` This is optional. In the case that your bot runs on a private server, it should be the ID of the server. Otherwise, leave empty (if this field is filled, it will be faster to create Slash Commands).
  

> `ENVIRONMENT:` Can be `ENVIRONMENT` or `PRODUCTION`. Defines whether some scripts or things should be run or not. For example, the database schemas will not be modified in production, even to synchronize them, because we may loose data.
> ## Bugs or questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ENVIRONMENT:` Can be `ENVIRONMENT` or `PRODUCTION`. Defines whether some scripts or things should be run or not. For example, the database schemas will not be modified in production, even to synchronize them, because we may loose data.

## Bugs or questions
```
